Improvements to contribution guide (#58)
CONP-PCNO/conp-dataset: .github/CONTRIBUTING.md

 3. you are making any changes (e.g. fixing a typo or a bug)

Please perform the following steps:

> 1. [Fork](https://help.github.com/en/articles/working-with-forks) this repository, or make sure that your existing fork is up-to-date.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. [Fork](https://help.github.com/en/articles/working-with-forks) this repository, or ensure that your existing fork is up-to-date.
```
more formal

    datalad publish --to github
    ```

4. Add metadata to your dataset

Adding meta-data about your dataset is required. Metadata has to be added
in a JSON file called `dats.json`, located at the root of your dataset, and
containing the following attributes based on [bioCADDIE

> DATS](https://github.com/biocaddie/WG3-MetadataSpecifications):

Reviewer: ```suggestion
DATS](https://github.com/datatagsuite/schema):
```

Latest specifications
